Update samples to 4.16 (#3734)
microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples: samples/csharp_dotnetcore/48.customQABot-all-features/README.md

# Custom Question Answering

> Bot Framework v4 Custom question answering bot sample. This sample demonstrates usage of advanced features of Custom question answering like [Precise answering][PA], support for unstructured sources along with [Multi-turn conversations][MT] and [Active Learning][AL] in a bot.
> 
> This bot has been created using [Bot Framework][BF], it shows how to create a bot that uses the [Custom question answering feature in Language Service][LS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bot Framework v4 Custom question answering bot sample. This sample shows how to use advanced features of Custom question answering, such as [Precise answering][PA], support for unstructured sources, and [Multi-turn conversations][MT] and [Active Learning][AL] in a bot.

This bot has been created using [Bot Framework][BF], it shows how to create a bot that uses the [Cognitive Services question answering feature][LS].
```

## Concepts introduced in this sample

> The [Custom question answering feature in Language Service][LS] enables you to build, train and publish a simple question and answer bot based on FAQ URLs, structured and unstructured documents or editorial content in minutes. In this sample, we demonstrate:
> - How to use the Active Learning to generate suggestions for knowledge base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Question answering][LS] enables you to build, train, and publish a simple question and answer bot based on FAQ URLs, structured and unstructured documents, or editorial content in minutes. In this sample, we demonstrate:
- How to use active learning to generate suggestions for your knowledge base.
```

> - How to use follow up prompts to create multiple turns of a conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to use follow-up prompts to create multiple turns of a conversation.
```

- How to configure display of precise answers.
- How to enable/disable querying unstructured sources with the bot.

## Prerequisites
- This project requires a [Language resource](https://aka.ms/create-language-resource) with Custom question answering enabled.

> 

Reviewer 2: See the feedback in samples/csharp_dotnetcore/12.customQABot/README.md for lines 17-61

Author: Content looks OK when rendered in github, am I missing something?

https://github.com/microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples/tree/4.16-Samples/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/48.customQABot-all-features

- Copy one of the keys as value of `LanguageEndpointKey` and Endpoint as value of `LanguageEndpointHostName` in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).
- `ProjectName` is the name of the project created in [Language Studio][LS].

## To try this sample

- Install the Bot Framework Emulator version 4.14.0 or greater from [here][BFE]
- Clone the repository

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/Microsoft/botbuilder-samples.git
    ```

- In a terminal, navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/48.customQABot-all-features`
- Run the bot from a terminal or from Visual Studio, choose option A or B.

  A) From a terminal

  ```bash
  # run the bot
  dotnet run
  ```

  B) Or from Visual Studio

  - Launch Visual Studio
  - File -> Open -> Project/Solution
  - Navigate to `samples/csharp_dotnetcore/48.customQABot-all-features` folder
  - Select `CustomQABotAllFeatures.csproj` file
  - Press `F5` to run the project
- Connect to the bot using Bot Framework Emulator
  1) Launch Bot Framework Emulator
  2) File -> Open Bot
  3) Enter a Bot URL of `http://localhost:3978/api/messages`

## Try Active Learning
- Try the following utterances:

>   1) Surface Book

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Surface Book
```

>   2) Power

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Power
```

> - In Language Studio, click on inspect to see the closeness in the scores of the returned answers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In Language Studio, select `inspect` to view the scores of the returned answers and compare how close they are.
```

- In [Bot Framework Emulator][BFE], a card is generated with the suggestions.

>   - Clicking an option would send a [feedback record](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/questionanswering/question-answering-projects/add-feedback) which would show as suggestion under `Review suggestions` in [Language Studio][LS].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Clicking an option sends a [feedback record](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/questionanswering/question-answering-projects/add-feedback), which shows as suggestion under `Review suggestions` in [Language Studio][LS].
```

>   - `ActiveLearningCardTitle`, `ActiveLearningCardNoMatchText` and `ActiveLearningCardNoMatchResponse` in the card could be changed from [RootDialog.cs](Dialogs/RootDialog.cs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `ActiveLearningCardTitle`, `ActiveLearningCardNoMatchText` and `ActiveLearningCardNoMatchResponse` in the card can be changed from [RootDialog.cs](Dialogs/RootDialog.cs).
```

## Try Multi-turn prompt
- Try the following utterances:

>   1) Accessibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Accessibility
```

>   2) Options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Options
```

> - You will notice that multi-turn prompts associated with the question are also returned in the responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You'll notice that multi-turn prompts associated with the question are also returned in the responses.
```

## Try Precise Answering

> - Try the following utterances:

Reviewer 2: See suggestions from samples/csharp_dotnetcore/12.customQABot/README.md for lines 79-86

Author: Same here, content seems fine when rendered in github:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12264946/165850669-cd6ab34b-0775-43c9-b14b-f61bace67231.png)

  1) Accessibility
  2) Register
- You will notice a short answer returned along with a long answer.
- If testing in [Language Studio][LS], you might have to check `Include short answer response` at the top.
- You can disable precise answering by setting `EnablePreciseAnswer` to false in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json).
- You can set `DisplayPreciseAnswerOnly` to true in [appsettings.json](appsettings.json) to display just precise answers in the response.
- Learn more about [precise answering][PA].

## Query unstructured content

> - Go to your project in [Language Studio][LS] -> In `Manage sources` click on `+ Add source`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Go to your project in [Language Studio][LS]. In `Manage sources`, select `+ Add source`.
```

> - Click on `URLs` and add `https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2022/01/27/from-empowering-frontline-workers-to-accessibility-improvements-heres-whats-new-in-microsoft-365/` and select **unstructured** in the `Classify file structure` dropdown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select `URLs` and add `https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2022/01/27/from-empowering-frontline-workers-to-accessibility-improvements-heres-whats-new-in-microsoft-365/`. 
- Select **unstructured** in the `Classify file structure` dropdown.
```

- Try the following utterances:

>   1) Frontline workers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  1. Frontline workers
```

>   2) Hybrid work solutions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  2. Hybrid work solutions
```

- You can observe that, answers are returned with high score.

> - You can set `IncludeUnstructuredSources` to false in [RootDialog.cs](Dialogs/RootDialog.cs) to prevent querying unstructured sources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To prevent querying unstructured sources, set `IncludeUnstructuredSources` to false in [RootDialog.cs](Dialogs/RootDialog.cs).
```

## Try Filters

> - Go to your project in [Language Studio][LS] -> In `Edit knowledge bases` -> Under **Metadata** column click on `+ Add`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to return answers with only specified metadata, use the following steps:
- Go to your project in [Language Studio][LS]. In `Edit knowledge bases`, under the **Metadata** column, select `+ Add`
```

> - Select a QnA to edit and add a key value pair, say `Language` : `CSharp`, and click on `Save changes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select a QnA to edit and add a key value pair. Add the key value pair `Language` : `CSharp`, then select `Save changes`.
```

- Click on `Test` and select metadata that you just added(`Language : CSharp`) by clicking on **Show advanced options**.

> - This will return answers with specified metadata only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    ```csharp
    var filters = new Filters
    {
        MetadataFilter = new MetadataFilter()
        {
            LogicalOperation = Bot.Builder.AI.QnA.JoinOperator.AND.ToString()
        },
        LogicalOperation = Bot.Builder.AI.QnA.JoinOperator.AND.ToString()
    };
    filters.MetadataFilter.Metadata.Add(new KeyValuePair<string, string>("Language", "CSharp"));
    filters.SourceFilter.Add("SampleForCQA.tsv");
    filters.SourceFilter.Add("SampleActiveLearningImport.tsv");
    
    // Initialize Filters with filters in line No. 81
    ```    

## Microsoft Teams channel group chat fix
When a bot (named as `HelpBot`) is added to a Teams channel or Teams group chat, you will have to refer it as `@HelpBot` `How to build a bot?` to get answers from the service.
However, bot tries to send `<at>HelpBot</at>` `How to build a bot?` as query to Custom question answering service which may not give expected results for question to bot. The following code removes `<at>HelpBot</at>` mentions of the bot from the message and sends the remaining text as query to the service.
- Goto `Bots/CustomQABot.cs`

> - Add References

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add the following references:
```

    using System.Text.RegularExpressions;
    ```
- Modify `OnTurnAsync` function as:
    ```csharp
    public override async Task OnTurnAsync(ITurnContext turnContext, CancellationToken cancellationToken = default)
        {
            // Teams group chat
            if (turnContext.Activity.ChannelId.Equals(Channels.Msteams))
            {
                turnContext.Activity.Text = turnContext.Activity.RemoveRecipientMention();
            }
            
            await base.OnTurnAsync(turnContext, cancellationToken);

            // Save any state changes that might have occurred during the turn.
            await ConversationState.SaveChangesAsync(turnContext, false, cancellationToken);
            await UserState.SaveChangesAsync(turnContext, false, cancellationToken);
        }
    ```

## Deploy the bot to Azure
See [Deploy your C# bot to Azure][50] for instructions.

The deployment process assumes you have an account on Microsoft Azure and are able to log into the [Microsoft Azure Portal][Azure].

If you are new to Microsoft Azure, please refer to [Getting started with Azure][70] for guidance on how to get started on Azure.

## Further reading
- [How bots work][90]

> - [Question Answering Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/overview)
> - [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts?view=azure-bot-service-4.0)
> - [Active learning Documentation][AL]
> - [Multi-turn Conversations][MT]
> - [Precise Answering][PA]
> 
> [50]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-deploy-azure?view=azure-bot-service-4.0
> [70]: https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/
> [90]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics?view=azure-bot-service-4.0
> [100]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction?view=azure-bot-service-4.0
> [110]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/bot-service/?view=azure-bot-service-4.0
> [140]: https://portal.azure.com
> 
> [LS]: https://language.cognitive.azure.com/
> [MT]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/tutorials/guided-conversations
> [AL]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/tutorials/active-learning
> [PA]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/concepts/precise-answering
> [BF]: https://dev.botframework.com/
> [Quickstart]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/quickstart/sdk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Question Answering Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/overview)
- [Channels and Bot Connector Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-concepts)
- [Active learning Documentation][AL]
- [Multi-turn Conversations][MT]
- [Precise Answering][PA]

[50]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-howto-deploy-azure
[70]: https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/
[90]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-basics
[100]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-overview-introduction
[110]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/
[140]: https://portal.azure.com

[LS]: https://language.cognitive.azure.com/
[MT]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/tutorials/guided-conversations
[AL]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/tutorials/active-learning
[PA]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/concepts/precise-answering
[BF]: https://dev.botframework.com/
[Quickstart]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/quickstart/sdk
```
